# AfterTaxi

Sample App to demonstrate full-stack project. Built in Express and React.

## Installation

1. `npm install`

This installs the base dependencies, then goes and installs the dependencies for the frontend and backend

## Running

1. `npm start`

This runs `npm start` on the front and backend portions respectively. You can also run `npm start` on each project independently.

## Logging in

There is no enforcement of credentials. Just enter any non-empty values and it should work.

## Some questions of interest

### _1. Had you had more time what would you have changed in your code?_

I would also have embedded a map so that the user could pick out their intended route on the map, or seen it displayed on the map after the enter the locations. I would linkify the prices so that the user could actually book the advertised rides after seeing the price estimates. I would have worked out how to parameterize the tests. I would use Redux in the React app. I would store rides by the user. I'll stop there because I could keep going ad infinitum.

### _2. What would you have changed in the UI you created?_

I can tweak the UI pretty much indefinitely, so I would certainly have improved a lot of things: more stylish, colors, make the table (dis)appearing less jarring, fancy logos, some fixes to make it more mobile-responsive. There would need to be other pages, like an about page. I would implement proper security with a user database and such.

### _3. What are the problems that you can foresee if the company needs to scale?_

Firstly, I'm relying on two external API's: Lyft's price estimator and a Google Places API for getting geo-location. Right now every request hits both of those, possibly multiple times. I would have to make sure those will accept the larger request volume. I know Google's is directed to your own personal account, so that one we could scale on their cloud, but I don't know about Lyft's, if there's a limit of requests from a given client. Of course there is the typical scaling requirements: can the hosting for the front-end app support the user load, can the backend support the request load, bandwidth, concurrent users, storage (there's no storage now but if this was a real app there would be.) There should be standard tools to deal with this, but of course it pays to think about it ahead of time.

# Backend (/backend)

This is a simple Node.js Express server. There is one API available, at /priceest, taking parameters `[start_lat, start_lng, end_lat, end_lng]`. The default port is 3001 and I didn't bother to make it configurable. You can change it in `/server.js` if you have to.

# Frontend (/frontend)

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app). The following was auto-generated by that script

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br>
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br>
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br>
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br>
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (Webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

### Code Splitting

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting

### Analyzing the Bundle Size

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size

### Making a Progressive Web App

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app

### Advanced Configuration

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration

### Deployment

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment

### `npm run build` fails to minify

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify
